UMIP #113: Whitelist BPRO as collateral (#348)
UMAprotocol/UMIPs: UMIPs/umip-113.md

> **UMIP #113**

Reviewer: Leave the UMIP # empty now as it would be assigned when merging the PR

Author: done

-   **UMIP title:** Add **BPRO** as collateral currency 
-   **Author**  yaron@bprotocol.org
-   **Status: Draft**
-   **Created:**  7.7.2021

> -   **Discourse Link:**  Insert link to discourse topic after it has been moved into draft UMIPs

Reviewer: Please add the link

Author: done

## Summary

This UMIP proposes adding **BPRO** for use as collateral in UMA contracts.

## Motivation

The addition of this collateral currency offers additional functionality to the UMA protocol and increases the range of contracts that can be built.

## Technical Specification

To accomplish this upgrade, the following changes need to be made:

-   The **BPRO** address **[0xbbbbbbb5aa847a2003fbc6b5c16df0bd1e725f61](https://etherscan.io/token/0xbbbbbbb5aa847a2003fbc6b5c16df0bd1e725f61)** needs to be added to the collateral currency whitelist introduced in UMIP-8.

> -   A final fee of **150 BPRO** needs to be added for **BPRO** in the Store contract.

Reviewer 2: This is a little low. Can you set this to 200 BPRO?

Author: done

    

## Rationale

This store fee was chosen as it is approximately equivalent to $400 in line with other collateral currencies as determined by **[coingecko price display](https://www.coingecko.com/en/coins/b-protocol)**

## Implementation

This change has no implementations other than the aforementioned governor transactions

## Security considerations

Adding a collateral currency introduces a level of risk into the UMA Ecosystem.  This collateral type should be monitored to ensure that the proposed collateral continues to have value.

> Contract deployers considering using this collateral in an UMA contract should refer to the guidelines on collateral type usage available here (insert docs link) to ensure appropriate use.

Reviewer: Collateral type usage guidelines link was missing in the original template (will update there shortly), but please update it here
```suggestion
Contract deployers considering using this collateral in an UMA contract should refer to the [guidelines on collateral type usage](https://docs.umaproject.org/uma-tokenholders/guidence-on-collateral-currency-addition) to ensure appropriate use.
```

Author: done
